Bprotocol TVL Calculation (#410)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: Implementations/bprotocol-tvl.md

With DeFiLlama:
1. Voters should query the endpoint listed in Intended Ancillary Data.
2. Voters should find the timestamp key in the `tvl` object that corresponds to the timestamp that is earlier but closest to the price request timestamp, and then use the corresponding `totalLiquidityUSD` value rounded to 0 decimal places.
3. If the `totalLiquidityUSD` is equal to or greater than 150,000,000, voters should return 3.
4. If the `totalLiquidityUSD` is less than 150,000,000, voters should return 1.

Without DeFiLlama:

### Compound TVL

1. Call `avatarList` on the Registry contract (0xbF698dF5591CaF546a7E087f5806E216aFED666A). This will query a list of all account addresses.
2. Call `getAllMarkets()` on the Compound comptrollerAddress contract (0x3d9819210A31b4961b30EF54bE2aeD79B9c9Cd3B). This returns cToken supply and borrow asset addresses.
3. For each cToken contract address returned in step 2, call `underlying` on the cToken contract address to determine the underlying token address. Since ETH does not have an underlying asset on Compound, for cETH (0x4ddc2d193948926d02f9b1fe9e1daa0718270ed5) use WETH (0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2) as the underlying token.

> 4. Convert each account address balance from a cToken balance to its underlying token balance by calling `balanceOfUnderlying()` on the cToken contract using the account address as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Get each account underlying token balances by calling `balanceOfUnderlying()` on each of cToken contracts using each of account addresses from step 1 as an argument.
```

## Intended Ancillary Data

```
Metric:TVL in BPRO financial contracts measured in USD,
Endpoint:"https://api.llama.fi/protocol/B.Protocol",
Method:"https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/blob/master/Implementations/bprotocol-tvl.md",
Key:totalLiquidityUSD,
Interval:Daily,
Rounding:0,
Scaling:0
```
***Note 1:** `totalLiquidityUSD` should be referenced for the timestamp that falls earlier but nearest to the price request timestamp.*  

## Implementation

With DeFiLlama:
1. Voters should query the endpoint listed in Intended Ancillary Data.
2. Voters should find the timestamp key in the `tvl` object that corresponds to the timestamp that is earlier but closest to the price request timestamp, and then use the corresponding `totalLiquidityUSD` value rounded to 0 decimal places.
3. If the `totalLiquidityUSD` is equal to or greater than 150,000,000, voters should return 3.
4. If the `totalLiquidityUSD` is less than 150,000,000, voters should return 1.

Without DeFiLlama:

### Compound TVL

> 1. Call `AvatarList` on the Registry contract (0xbF698dF5591CaF546a7E087f5806E216aFED666A). This will query a list of all account addresses.

Reviewer: The correct method is `avatarList`, should be replaced also in other parts of the implementation doc.

2. Call `getAllMarkets()` on the Compound comptrollerAddress contract (0x3d9819210A31b4961b30EF54bE2aeD79B9c9Cd3B). This returns cToken supply and borrow asset addresses.
3. For each cToken contract address returned in step 2, call `underlying` on the cToken contract address to determine the underlying token address. Since ETH does not have an underlying asset on Compound, for cETH (0x4ddc2d193948926d02f9b1fe9e1daa0718270ed5) use WETH (0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2) as the underlying token.

> 4. For each cToken returned in step 2, determine the cToken balances for each account address returned from the `AvatarList` in step 1. At this point, you should have all cToken balances from the `AvatarList` listed by its cToken address.

Reviewer: Why this step to calculate `cToken` balances is required if Step 5 gets the underlying balance directly?

Reviewer 2: Updated to exclude step 4 and calculate underlying balances directly.

Reviewer: the new step 4 needs bit of rewording, please see proposal below

2. Call `cdpTvl()` on the bTvlAddress contract (0x60312e01A2ACd1Dac68838C949c1D20C609B20CF) to return the value of each CDP denominated in ETH:
- For the first argument, use the bcdpmanagerAddress contract address (0x3f30c2381CD8B917Dd96EB2f1A4F96D91324BBed).
- For the second argument, start with 0 and call `cdpTvl()` at an increment of 1 until the parameter is equal to the returned `cdpi()` value in step 1.
- For the third argument, set the ilk parameter to 0x4554482d41000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 (ETH-A). 
3. Each CDP should be priced in ETH for the same timestamp. The value should use the timestamp that falls earlier but nearest to the price request timestamp. DeFiLlama estimates this by using aggregated CoinGecko prices, but all voters should verify that results agree with broad market consensus.
4. Sum all returned values from step 2. This represents the total balance of all CDPs as an ETH balance. Multiply the total balance by the price of ETH at the timestamp being used.

### Liquity TVL

> 1. Call `bamms()` on the bKeeperAddress contract (0xeaE019ef845A4Ffdb8829210De5D30aC6FbB5371). 

Reviewer: `bamms` call should have index passed as argument (starts at 0 till error returned)

Reviewer 2: Updated.
